>>Hello.
This is Michael Tellinger.
And we continue our
journey of looking
into ancient human
history, trying
to learn from the wisdom
of ancient civilizations
and putting the
pieces of the puzzle
together to figure out a
better future for humanity
on this crazy and
mysterious planet of ours.
So the previous episode ended
with the mysterious discovery
of a pre-Inca civilization in
an ancient and mysterious mining
tunnel in the town
of Carltonville.
And we pick up on this Inca
connection in Southern Africa
by showing how this
part of the world
can be connected to pretty much
every ancient civilization.
And until recently, I thought
that the original people
of Australia were
omitted from that list.
But my recent trip to
Australia, and going
to some of the ancient
rock carving sites
that we were taken to
by the aboriginal elders
or the original originese
elders convinced me
that there's a definite link and
a connection between the style
of the rock art and
the rock carvings
and the rock carvings that are
seen around Southern Africa
and specifically at
Driekops Eiland, which is
close to the town of Kimberley.
So let's continue this
journey in this episode
and this takes us
to the many links
to the ancient civilizations
from across the world.
And we find the evidence of
Romans, Phoenicians, Egyptians,
Maltese, Sumerians, the Dogons,
the Hindus and Dravidians
and even the pre-Inca,
as I mentioned,
and now even a connection
to the originese
and the original
people of Australia.
Here is a beautiful
example that was discovered
by Theodore Bent, one of
the English archaeologists
that was a pioneer explorer
in the ruins of Great Zimbabwe
in the late 1800s,
early 1900s, discovering
this piece of ceramic ball,
of a stone ball that was found
carved out and this piece
of Phoenician carving on it
that's typically a
Phoenician zodiac that's
carved on this piece of the ball
that connects the Phoenician
empire to this
part of the world.
And there's a lot more
evidence that we'll cover later
about the fact that the
Phoenicians were actually
doing a lot of business
with gold mining
and trading with gold, from
Zimbabwe and the Great Zimbabwe
and the Monomotapa
Empire, the golden kings.
The artifacts and
tools that were
discovered by Theodore Bent in
Great Zimbabwe boggle the mind.
And we can spend a long
time just on that alone.
But for the sake of
keeping this more
to the point-- we can
elaborate on this later-- let's
continue with some of the
other phenomenal links
to other ancient cultures.
And here's a connection to
the Romans being present
in Southern Africa,
once again in Zimbabwe.
In the town of Umtali,
this Roman coin
was found that dates to 138
AD, of Emperor Antoninus
Pius that was found about 25
meters deep in a gold mine.
Once again, gold mining,
Zimbabwe, Southern Africa,
connections to ancient
civilizations-- it never stops,
never ends.
Here is a famous
Sumerian/Babylonian coin
that was found while they
were digging the foundations
for a monastery in the
town of Mariannhill,
which is not far from Durban on
the east coast of South Africa.
And this clearly shows us the
connections to the Sumerian
or Babylonian civilization
that is connected to Southern
Africa, as all the others.
The Dravidians and the
Hindus, but specifically
the Dravidians, have a very long
history with Southern Africa.
There are thousands
of little dolmen,
like this little shrine,
Hindu and Dravidian shrines,
that are scattered throughout
Southern Africa and especially
the eastern parts near the
towns of Waterval Boven,
and Lydenburg and Nelspruit
and even further up into Sabi
and those towns that used to be
the frontier gold mining towns.
The Dravidian culture goes
back thousands of years,
and there is evidence that
the Dravidian gold miners have
been active in South
Africa probably
for about 3,000 years already.
Once again,
sometimes as evidence
comes to me from scholars that
are connected to universities
that want to share
information with me
but don't want their
names exposed because they
fear losing their jobs.
This is a great example
of a stone circle
or a stone site that is built in
the shape of a Hindu fertility
symbol, connecting it to
that part of the world.
And I'll say more about
this particular site
and its location in
connection to the stone ruins
and the stone circles
of Southern Africa
later, but just
emphasizing that we
have a rich heritage and a rich
connection to the Dravidians
and the Hindus in ancient
times in South Africa.
Here's a great example of what
used to be called a headrest,
an Egyptian headrest.
Compared to a southern
African headrest,
you can notice the pillars of
Egypt in the Egyptian headrest
and then the circles
or concentric circles
from Southern Africa.
But what's fascinating
is when you zoom in
on the headrest from
Southern Africa,
you find carved out
in it a Maltese cross
on top of a headrest
from Southern Africa,
clearly indicating a connection
to the Maltese empire
or the Knights of
Malta, the Knights
Templar, and that whole
mysterious history
on this planet of the secret
societies and so forth.
The cross in a circle is one
of the most commonly found
carvings, rock carvings
and symbols, wherever
you go in the world.
I just recently saw dozens,
if not hundreds, of crosses
in circles scattered
throughout Australia on my trip
through the ancient sites of the
original people of Australia.
And it just boggles the
mind how what I sometimes
refer to as the
Sumerian cross can
be found all over the
world, carved in rocks
and painted as well, in various
forms, shapes, and sizes.
Then we have this
phenomenal display,
what seems like some sort of
prototype Chinese alphabet
or a written language from which
other ancient languages then
sprouted.
It is still mysterious.
There also could be connections
to the runic or rune alphabet,
but this still needs to
be examined and explored
in much more detail than it
has been explored so far.
And if you think the
Greeks are omitted
from this list of ancient
civilizations connected
to Southern Africa,
you'd be mistaken.
Here is a beautiful example
of a Greek coin with a serpent
and inside or around some
sort of a structure behind it.
And here we have carved in
a rock, the similar kind
of serpent, similar
kind of shape and form
of that serpent
inside a pentagon,
which I find fascinating.
And I think that particular
carving tells 1,000 words
that we can spend a lot
of time on, just analyzing
what that really means.
Here we have an example of
ancient civilization and sun
worshipping, with carvings of
radiating circles and a heart
radiating energy out of it that
would suggest sun worshipping.
And specifically, the carving
on the right hand side
of this image is a very
interesting connection
to the Dogon people of Mali
that seem to have these four
seeds of life.
And this particular
carving very strongly
resembles the incomplete circle
where these rays coming out
of it and specific points.
That is very reminiscent
of these seeds of life
that we find with the
Dogon people of Mali.
The other important
thing to notice
about this particular carving is
the crack through the carving,
which indicates the age.
The erosion on the crack
through the carving
suggests that the crack appeared
after the carving was made.
And what we can do is
then look at the erosion
on the crack which indicates
the age of the carving.
My take on this is that
these carvings are way
more than 100,000 years old.
They are not just a
few thousand years old.
They go back a long, long time.
And once again, I'll discuss
this in future episodes
when we look at the
dating of the sites
and how we approach
the dating process
to give us an idea how old
these sites and the tools
and artifacts are.
And this is a fascinating
and exciting evaluation.
The Egyptian ankh
is a well-known,
one of the most famous
symbols in history.
And this is also present.
There are several
sites in South Africa
that carry the Egyptian
ankh carved into a rock.
And this is a site also,
at Driekops Eiland.
And here we have a
phenomenal example
of an ankh inside
a radiating circle.
So it actually tells us so much
about the ankh and what it is.
It suggests that it is
a tool that radiates,
that creates energy,
that gives off resonance.
And so it is the
ankh that brings us
to sound and resonance as common
links in ancient civilizations
and the common links
and common denominators
in ancient religions.
Remember, after all,
the Bible tells us
that God said, let
there be light.
So it is always the sound of
the creator that comes first.
Light is the consequence
of the sound.
It is not the
light first-- light
that brings forth the sound.
And this is very important for
those people-- let the light
be with you or you're
a light worker.
I wonder if we
shouldn't actually
be saying, be a sound worker.
Be a resonant healer.
Let the sound be with you.
Let the resonance be with you,
instead of this light thing
that we get stuck
on all the time.
So what's fascinating is that
all ancient cultures, no matter
where you go, seem to
have sound and resonance
at its source of creation.
In Christianity,
it's the word of God,
the word of the creator.
God said, let there be light.
In Hinduism, Buddhism, we have
the om, the aum, the resonance,
the primordial resonant
source that brought everything
into creation.
The Egyptians talk
about the universe
being sung into creation.
And the original
people of Australia
tell us that
everything was created
with three sacred songs.
And so it goes.
The Hindu creation story
is a spectacular one.
And I'd like to
read this for you.
It says, everything was so
peaceful and silent that Vishnu
slept undisturbed
by dreams or motion.
From the depths, a humming
sound began to tremble.
Om.
It grew and spread,
filling the emptiness
and throbbing with energy.
The night had ended.
Vishnu awoke.
All this is telling us
is exactly the same story
as we read in the Bible.
God said, let there be light.
It's just a lot more
dramatic and a lot more left
to the imagination.
Vishnu awoke means the
darkness had ended.
God said, let there be light.
I trust you can all see that.
And that brings us to
this thing of sound,
since all ancient cultures
talk about sound and resonance
being the source of creation.
So what is this
thing called sound?
We talk about sound.
Ancient cultures tell us
about sound bringing forth
everything in creation.
Let's explore this
thing called sound,
what we understand
about it, and how can we
use sound to benefit
humanity into the future.
Since sound is the thing
and sound and resonance
is a thing that brought
everything into creation,
the argument is that we could
use sound to do everything.
And we'll find that that
is in fact the case.
So let us explore
what sound can do.
And this is just a short
list that I've compiled.
The list goes on and on and on.
Sound levitates.
You can levitate
things with sound.
This has been shown throughout
all of human history
for thousands and
thousands of years.
Sound was used to levitate very
large and very heavy objects.
Sound boils water.
Sound creates light.
Remember, God said,
let there be light.
Sound creates DNA.
This is a spectacular discovery
and a creation in 2011.
Sound heals and
destroys pathogens.
We can cure all
disease with sound.
This has been done
for many, many times
over for thousands of years.
Sound moves beyond
the speed of light.
Yes, this may be a
big surprise to many,
and it's probably one
of the best-kept secrets
in modern science and physics.
But sound moves beyond
the speed of light.
And not just a little
bit-- it moves infinitely
beyond the speed of light.
In fact, it is the
sound and resonance
that reaches everything in the
fabric of creation instantly.
And we'll explore that
in much more detail, how
that is possible to give
those that are still
doubtful in their mind
how that is possible,
to give you the scientific
background to this
how sound connects everything.
Sound and resonance connects
everything in creation
instantly.
Sound is responsible
for new technology
that was only released
to us in 2009,
known as saser technology.
As opposed to laser
beams, we've now
talking about saser beams, where
we have coherent beams of sound
that can be used to create
weapons of mass destruction.
And so it goes.
So this is a
phenomenal discovery
in new technology and
our scientists today.
What else can we do with sound?
Sound can make things invisible.
Sound can make things disappear.
This is phenomenal.
This goes to the heart of
now really understanding
how we can use
sound and manipulate
sound for our benefit and
as a tool and as a weapon
and as a source of energy.
And everything we can
imagine, we can use sound for.
Sound energizes water.
The water that we drink is
actually energized by the sound
as it flows through nature
and through vortexes
and through spirals as it moves.
It is actually the sound in
the spirals that energizes
the water when we drink it.
Otherwise, the
water would be dead.
And the same can be said
for the air that we breathe.
It is the sound of the air
that we breathe that actually
energizes the oxygen. This is
one of the greatest-- for me--
one of the most important
discoveries that I have made
over the last two
or three years,
is the fact that it
is the sound that
actually activates and energizes
the oxygen that we breathe.
And we'll go into much
more detail about that.
And finally, on this
little short list of ours,
sound can create hurricanes
and sound can create
big clouds and storms and rain.
Many of you will be familiar
with the experiments done
that started already in the
1700s and the Chladni plates
and sound that vibrates on a
metal plate, sand that vibrates
on a metal plate and the
sound comes from beneath
and creates these
beautiful patterns.
So what this does is show
us the physical evidence
how this invisible
thing called sound can
manifest into physical form.
Now remember, there are some
people, ignorant and arrogant
people that make
silly statements,
or should I say
stupid statements,
and say, if I can't touch
it and I can't feel it,
then it doesn't exist.
Give me proof.
It's got to be solid proof.
I want to feel it.
I want to touch it.
I want to taste it.
Then I can believe it.
Well, you can't
see the sound waves
leaving my mouth to your ears.
You can't see them.
And yet when I talk to
you, you understand.
So clearly, I'm either
doing magic here
or there's something
else going on here.
So let's use this as an example.
So next time somebody says
to you, if I can't see it
and I can't touch it,
I don't believe it--
I need physical proof--
you can say something
like the following.
Well, if you still
think that you
need to touch it or feel
it to know that it's real,
you must be a big-- and
maybe they'll get the point.
Sand on a metal plate--
sound frequencies
through the metal plate--
every sound frequency has
its very own special shape.
Every frequency is referred to
as a prime resonance frequency.
Everything in
existence resonates
at a specific frequency,
from the tiniest atom, virus,
molecule-- everything has its
own prime resonance frequency.
It's interesting that this prime
resonance frequency was most
likely referred
to in "Star Trek"
as the prime directive and that
you cannot breach the prime
directive.
Now let me explain to you what
I believe this actually means.
If everything comes out of
the prime resonance frequency
of creation, from the word or
the sound of God the creator,
everything comes forth from
that one burst of creation,
this resonance of
creation and keeps
coming forth out
of this resonance,
coherent harmonic
resonance of creation,
that means that if
you breach that,
you're going against creation.
You're in dissonance.
You're in disharmony.
You're in dis-ease
with creation.
You're breaching the
prime resonance frequency
or you're breaching
the prime directive.
And this is why "Star Trek" was
telling us for more than five
decades now that you cannot
breach the prime directive.
What's the consequence of
breaching the prime directive
is that you actually
start to destroy yourself,
because you're in dissonance
with the resonant frequency,
the coherent resonant,
prime resonant frequency.
So hopefully that
starts making sense
how important the sound and
the creation story really is.
So every sound frequency
has its own specific shape.
And in this little
example, it shows us
that the lower the
frequency, the simpler
the shapes-- the higher the
frequency, the more complex
the shapes.
This is one of the simplest,
most beautiful examples
to show people how sound
manifests into physical form.
This is the keyword
here, people.
Sound manifests
in physical form.
This invisible, untouchable
thing that leaves my mouth
manifests in physical form.
Now while you're watching this
little experiment that I have
seen 100 times-- and I
cannot get enough of it,
because it's like watching magic
appear in front of your eyes.
And that's exactly
what we're doing here.
We are manifesting
physical form.
Now imagine, this
is sand on a metal
plate, a very simple sound.
Can you imagine the
complexity of the sound
that we make with our voices
as we speak-- how much we're
actually manifesting, how
much physical form and shape
we are manifesting as we speak.
So I'll leave you
with that thought
while you watch this little
video clip showing us
the beautiful structure
of sound manifesting
on a metal plate in sand.
[RISING BUZZING TONE]
So that's sand on a
metal plate showing us
how sound manifests
into physical form
and physical shapes.
And just because you
can't hear the frequency
doesn't mean it's not
going to change the sand.
The higher the frequency,
the more complex the shapes.
And it doesn't stop.
It gets more and more complex
as a sound and the frequency
goes up.
Now, this takes us to
a brilliant discovery
by a man called Eric Larson,
who created or discovered what's
known as the CymaScope
that can actually
show us the physical form
and the shape of the sound
that we make with our voices,
and the infinite number
of shapes of our voices.
But before we look at
this incredible example
in this video, I'd
like to remind you
that what you saw
on the metal plate
was a two-dimensional
representation
of a three-dimensional effect.
So imagine that those shapes
that you see on the metal plate
actually go out
in all directions.
And remember that sound-- when
I make a sound with my mouth,
it doesn't travel
in a straight line.
It doesn't go from my
mouth to your ears.
It goes in all directions.
So it's like a bubble
that's growing and going
in all directions.
Now, see it as
that-- this bubble
that grows and goes everywhere.
Now, when you sing
into a microphone
and it's connected
to the CymaScope,
you actually see a
two-dimensional perspective
of a three-dimensional
event that
is captured in water in this
beautiful experiment done
by Eric Larson.
So imagine the human voice
as a tool of creation.
I will be talking about the
tool of creation and our ability
to manifest, with our sound
and the words that we speak
and the thoughts that we have.
And this brings us to
a deeper understanding
of who we are as
spiritual beings,
conscious beings connected
to a physical body
and our abilities
that are way beyond
our current understanding.
And this gets into much
deeper spiritual levels
of understanding our place on
this earth, the fact that we
are divine beings of
infinite potential
and that we are
co-creators of our reality.
After all, even more than 100
years ago, quantum physics
has clearly shown us
that we are the makers
of our own reality, the
creators of our own reality.
And this beautiful
example with a CymaScope
showing the power and
the infinite creation
that we can create
with our voice
is a beautiful example of this
potential in the human body.
[BUZZING VOICE]
Now that you've seen what we
we're of with our human voice
and that we can
create infinitely
with our human voice, when
we look at some of the still
photographs of the
CymaScope images,
we come across a
spectacular cross
in a circle, this
very famous image
that we see all
over human history.
And sometimes a picture
tells thousand words.
And it is in this
instance that we
capture the knowledge and
the information of those that
created the religious
symbols that we
use in our churches, the
religious symbols that
have encoded this
information that sound
is the creative source.
Those that came
up with the logos
were the symbols
for Christianity
and the Coptic cross and the
pagan cross and the Knights
Templar crosses and so forth.
These are all part of the secret
societies in ancient times,
encoding this
knowledge that sound
is the source of
creation, connecting it
to this beautiful photograph
that gives us and gives away
the secret that has held for
so many thousands of years
by the secret societies.
This was a short introduction
to sound and what sound can do.
And in the next
episode, we're going
to pick up on continued, amazing
discoveries in sound and what
sound can do and
how we can use sound
for the benefit of humanity.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.